Add guide for web workers. (#3562)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/webworkers/index.mdx

keywords: ["webworkers"]
sidebar_order: 9000
notSupported:
  - javascript.angular
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.ember
  - javascript.gatsby
  - javascript.nextjs
  - javascript.react
  - javascript.vue
  - javascript.wasm
---

Sentry's Browser SDK supports [Web Workers API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API). To capture unhandled errors from web workers:

Install `@sentry/browser` using `yarn` or `npm`:

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/browser

# Using npm
npm install --save @sentry/browser
```

Then you can use it:

```javascript {filename:index.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
});

const worker = new Worker("worker.js");

// Errors from `onmessage` callback of `worker.js`
// will be captured.
worker.postMessage("Hello!");
```

<Alert level="warning" title="Manual Capturing">

To capture errors or messages manually, such as to use `captureMessage` or `captureError` inside web workers, Sentry should be initialized inside each web workers' own scope. Only unhandled errors will be captured and sent to Sentry without worker-level initialization.

</Alert>

> #### Usage without worker-level initialization

Reviewer: Add a space after the title and use Title Case.
```suggestion
#### Usage Without Worker-Level Initialization

```

```javascript {filename:worker.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

self.onmessage = message => {
  // This will fail silently.
  Sentry.captureMessage("Message received");

  // This error will be captured.
  throw new Error();
};
```

> #### Usage with worker-level initialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Usage With Worker-Level Initialization

```

```javascript {filename:worker.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
});

self.onmessage = message => {
  // This message will be captured
  Sentry.captureMessage("Message received");

  // This error will also be captured.
  throw new Error();
};
```

### Integrations

> Using non-default integrations such as [@sentry/tracing](/platforms/javascript/performance/) inside web workers are not guaranteed to work at the moment. Non-default integrations enabled outside workers' scope are not affected by worker-level configurations and will still work correctly.

Reviewer: Looks like Mozilla capitalizes Web Workers (but not workers).
```suggestion
Using non-default integrations such as [@sentry/tracing](/platforms/javascript/performance/) inside Web Workers may not work as expected. Non-default integrations enabled outside workers' scope are not affected by worker-level configurations and will still work as expected.
```

### Source Maps

> Sentry's source maps integration is supported inside web workers, if provided. Learn more about providing your [source maps](/platforms/javascript/sourcemaps/) to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry's source maps integration is supported inside Web Workers, if provided. Learn more about providing your [source maps](/platforms/javascript/sourcemaps/) to Sentry.
```

---
title: Web Workers
description: "Learn how to use Sentry's Browser SDK in Web Workers API."
keywords: ["webworkers"]
sidebar_order: 9000

> notSupported:

Author: @rhcarvalho, I added the `supported` tag with `javascript` (for browser, I could not find a specific selector for browser), I'm not sure if that's necessary as this file is under javascript's common content.

Still had to keep `notSupported` unfortunately to prevent this doc from showing up in SDKs, as they all are falling back to javascript.

> notSupported:

Reviewer 2: Hmm yeah the `supported` filter implies all guides too 😢 .

@PeloWriter do you know of an existing solution for this particular case?

Can we show some content only for JavaScript Browser (and not Angular, Cordova, Ember, React, Vue, etc) without having to list all guides in the `notSupported` filter? My point was that the not supported list here should be "everything except browser" and it is hard to keep that up-to-date.

> notSupported:

Reviewer: Sadly, no workaround yet exists. If the content displays for the primary platform, the only way to turn it off for the associated frameworks is to individually list them as `notSupported`.

This would be another valuable use of the [release registry as a source of truth](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-release-registry/issues/39) - it would prevent manual management that is hard to keep up to date.

> notSupported:

Reviewer 2: What if we don't put this under `common/`?

There must be a way, in the worst case we can add a new flag `includeInGuides: false` or similar.
Since this is not intended to be shared, putting it outside of common content would be an easier start.

  - javascript.angular
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.ember
  - javascript.gatsby
  - javascript.nextjs
  - javascript.react
  - javascript.vue
  - javascript.wasm
---

> Sentry's Browser SDK supports [Web Workers API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API). To capture unhandled errors from web workers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sentry's Browser SDK supports [Web Workers API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API). To capture unhandled errors from Web Workers:
```

Per @PeloWriter 's previous comment

Install `@sentry/browser` using `yarn` or `npm`:

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/browser

# Using npm
npm install --save @sentry/browser
```

Then you can use it:

```javascript {filename:index.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
});

const worker = new Worker("worker.js");

// Errors from `onmessage` callback of `worker.js`
// will be captured.
worker.postMessage("Hello!");
```

<Alert level="warning" title="Manual Capturing">

> To capture errors or messages manually, such as to use `captureMessage` or `captureError` inside web workers, Sentry should be initialized inside each web workers' own scope. Only unhandled errors will be captured and sent to Sentry without worker-level initialization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To capture errors or messages manually, such as to use `captureMessage` or `captureError` inside Web Workers, Sentry should be initialized inside each Web Workers' own scope. Only unhandled errors will be captured and sent to Sentry without worker-level initialization.
```
